---
layout: default
title: Projects
permalink: /projects/
---

# Active Projects

---

## Academic

#### 1. CyDIR-MC

[CyDIR-MC](https://github.com/gwenethgray/Cydir-MC) is a Monte Carlo biological modeling framework for <b><u>Cy</u></b>toskeleton <b><u>d</u></b>ynamic <b><u>i</u></b>nstability and <b><u>r</u></b>epair (or <b><u>d</u></b>amage following <b><u>i</u></b>onizing <b><u>r</u></b>adiation) following irradiation by ionizing sources. It is designed to read damage files generated by a custom TOPAS-nBio scorer module which modifies the SDD (Standard for DNA Damage) format.

#### 2. GUI for SAEROSA

[SAEROSA](https://rsicc.ornl.gov/codes/psr/psr5/psr-573.html) (Single-Species Aerosol Coagulation and Deposition with Arbitrary Size Resolution) is a deterministic simulator of aerosol physics developed by contributors from UMass Lowell, Los Alamos National Laboratory, and Louisiana State University. I am not one of the authors, but I have started work on a graphical I/O interface that will make the program more accessible.

---

## Clinical

#### 1. Assessment of Log File-based IMRT QA

Here is the poster we had displayed at the 2024 AAPM Annual Meeting!

<p><iframe src="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1EyrAqaIpL2HrERWqJGPp5oUEsccr6Wht/preview" width="100%" height="380px" style="border:0;"></iframe></p>

---

## Personal

#### 1. Mathematical Physics of Food

Algebraic topological characterization of foods in chemical space and the groups of smooth physical transformations involved in traditional (or experimental) food preparation; a community effort.

#### 2. Balance Analysis of Magic: the Gathering Sets

Python implementation of the [official game rules](https://media.wizards.com/2024/downloads/MagicCompRules%2004102024.txt) with a toolkit for simulating games between agents and assessing the balance characteristics of both official and custom sets for Limited formats. Intended to facilitate the design of fan-made card sets and Cube pools.

#### 3. FarkleBot

Python implementation of the dice game [Farkle](https://github.com/gwenethgray/Farkle) (or "Ten Thousand") with automated players who use strategies derived from Monte Carlo analysis. Includes a simple CLI for an arbitrary number of human players to play with an arbitrary number of bots.
